[Music]
okay great uh so now part b
okay so just
to prepare so i'll give you a couple
minutes no no no i don't know but this
is the stuff i'm good at because i've
actually lived in china i mean sorry the
the stuff specific to textbook is what's
hard but uh because you don't know the
specific words but no there's stuff i
can do with top man with no prep okay so
uh what is your chinese name uh
uh
okay uh number two the arts uh what what
is your major how many courses are your
uh
how are you taking this term
[Music]
why did you want to learn chinese what
else which chinese do you find most
difficult
uh the guy
would you
see
[Music]
what are your hobbies uh what do you
usually do your hobbies
[Music]
um
uh okay so i could i could say a few
more things all right uh d wooga do you
live in victoria now if so how long
you've been living here
uh
an entity so yeah this is uh this is the
situation at this time
uh soyee the guy uh
uh
this is enough for a language
there are other there are other things i
could use to explain number five okay
then i don't want my whole autobiography
here all right number six do you like
chinese food okay
uh
okay so this is a good answer for number
six great
so yeah i do have a high level of
fluency but the particular
the particular vocabulary you have to
prep unit by unit to do well on that
kind of test i don't have because
i don't have a vocabulary list that i
haven't been studying so yeah i would i
think be able to rapidly excel in the
course basically whatever level was put
into but no the
you know this particular vocab i don't
have okay anything else you want to talk
about anything else you want to do for
the test
[Music]
that this is goodbye good
i totally assume whatever professor will
be going through the test thinking i
have absolutely zero chinese language
ability and then they'll see that
spontaneously like oh okay this guy
isn't so badly up anyway so yeah that's
that's my situation i think a lot of
people are in that situation they have
some ability in the language but you
know
the test like this shows that they don't
know exactly the words the book is
testing on okay great
great nice work with you i hope to see
you again